hi I'm dr. David Khalsa and you've come
here today to learn about how to
eliminate allergies in your pet well
you've come to the right place I've been
a holistic veterinarian for over 30
years and I've specialized in allergy
elimination I lecture internationally
and I'm the author of the best-selling
book doctor causes natural dog and what
we're going to talk about today is
simply the best solution for eliminating
allergies and your pets the typical
scenario the owner of an allergic dog
follows is the path of avoidance
ingredient labels are carefully perused
so you can avoid the foods you found
your dog to be allergic to it's a
lifetime job the problem is compounded
by the fact that the allergic dog will
become alert substances and the special
fluids because he eats it day after day
the dog that was never allergic to lamb
will become so because of the repeated
exposure so dog owners like you run
through food after food desperately
trying to solve your problem between you
and me it simply doesn't have to be that
way if you've been running this gamut
for years it may be hard to conceive
that the allergy elimination technique
exists and it does away with your dog or
cat's allergies making your daughter cat
who was allergic into a dog or cat with
no allergies it may seem too good to be
true that you can turn these chronic
problems around but in the hands of a
competent veterinary practitioner is
quite probable so let's find out how
that is
whatever the reason karma kismet or
serendipity the manner in which this
very workable technique was discovered
was indeed fortuitous a woman named dr.
Davina mudra pod was very ill with
allergies all her life she had become a
chiropractor a naturopath and an
acupuncture sitted attempt to heal
herself and it wasn't successful I
wouldn't be exaggerating much to say she
was allergic to almost everything under
the Sun she lived on broccoli and rice
and this is a true story one day she was
chewing on a carrot and a few bits of
the carrot stuck to the edges of her
lips she was allergic to carrots till
she began to pass out before she passed
out
quickly put acupuncture needles into a
few acupuncture points in her body and
then she passed out she woke up the
occupant her needles were still there
and then she had a feeling of great
serenity a great peace she took them out
and brushed the carrot off her lip and
discovered when she ate the carrot again
that she wasn't allergic to it dr.
Davies found that the body corrects
itself simply by recognizing the
electromagnetic signature of an item
while being encouraged by simulation of
the acupuncture points to start the
process of healing repairing correcting
and harmonizing from here history was
made both people and pets could be
helped with her allergies I lectured on
this topic at the 1998 American holistic
veterinary medical conference when it
was unknown to the holistic veterinary
field I felt it was needed in the field
and here's the long and short of it when
we entered the realm of energetic
holistic medicine we leave the field of
biology and we enter the field of
physics the autonomic nervous system has
an integral role in recognizing what the
body's computer has deemed it enemy
which of course is the casein allergies
it calls into actions the various
components of the immune system to
defend the body against the enemy
allergies and pecks occur because what
should be considered as friends of the
body become locked as enemies child who
is allergic to the peanut was spoken of
in a previous lecture where the child
who has a severe allergic reaction to
the peanut is compared to other children
who eat peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches and the question is asked
where is the problem lies in the child's
immune system or the peanut and in fact
it lies in the immune system and what
non luger pods allergy elimination
technique also called na ET does is
change the immune systems perception of
the item and turns it back into a friend
we're having more allergies in our pets
nowadays because there are simply more
ways to confuse the immune system and
increase the number of items that are
logged in as
mieze allergy elimination techniques
such as naa and many others it is stem
from it in the ensuing years correct the
autonomic nervous systems perception of
the allergic substance so it's no longer
perceived as a threat it all happens
within the realm of physics on an
energetic level and it translates into
real genuine physical healing as an
aside the common conventional blood
tests that's used to detect what your
dog or cat is allergic to is only 40
percent accurate that's less than a 50%
chance that the answer is right in
addition there's a limited number of
items tested while there may be two
thousand moulds around only nine or ten
are tested and the other are not even
considered
additionally allergy testing for food
items is only twenty five percent
effective so unfortunately the
vaccination programs that are used for
dogs and cats to hypo sensitize them
against allergies often don't work very
well
mn 80 applied kinesiology or muscle
testing is used to determine what your
pet is allergic to the veterinarian who
uses this technique takes vials that
have the energetic residences of the
substance holds it against your dog and
uses muscle testing to ascertain what
they are allergic to and I can attest
how accurate this can be in the hands of
a well trained veterinary practitioner
because I have a 90 percent success rate
in my practice what I do is a
comprehensive assessment of over 500
different allergens that are
specifically designed for this purpose
and then I create a program for the
allergic patient I send a home to the
people the various files and tell them
exactly how to treat by simply putting
some acupressure on the acupuncture
points you can find the veterinarian in
your area which is nae by looking at the
American holistic Veterinary Medical
Association website and looking for a
veterinarian who does this particular
practice now allergies trouble many
animals and they can surfaces skin
problems ear infections chronic diarrhea
vomiting even picky appetite and asthma
and these problems often become chronic
lifetime problems a require continual
veterinary
they're n80 and allergy elimination
treatments that have stem from his
original therapy don't just relieve the
symptoms but remove the source of this
torment let's say you don't have a
veterinary practitioner at home in your
area that can do na t on your animals
well there are things that you can do at
home that might help all right well
first of all you're going to have to
watch my how to do na ET home video to
learn how to do the process it's really
really easy so the question becomes how
to find the allergens well let's say
that in the spring time your dog starts
itching intensely at one specific time
it's probably a pollen in the air you
take some water and you put it in a wide
mouth plastic container and leave it
outside for about 24 hours to collect
all the ponds that are flying around in
the air pour this water into a baby food
sized glass jar and close the lid hold
this chart next to your dog and do the
NA treatment down his back and do this
once a day for about five days you can
do the same thing for foods like if you
think your dog is allergic to chicken or
if you think your dog is allergic to
dust one of the things that you can't do
unfortunately is take the dog put your
feeding your dog and use that dog put
and do the treatment there are just too
many components in that dog food so
watch my how to do any 80 at home video
to learn more about what you can do for
your dog and relieve his allergies at
home and also visit my blog dog and cat
vitamins calm but you'll find wonderful
hints about how to keep both your dogs
and your cats happier and healthier I
look forward to seeing you there